Add documentation - Getting Started : Storing Data (#1812)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/guides/getting-started/2-storing-data/index.md

title: Storing Data
description: Create and retrieve documents
order: 200
---

# Storing Data

Now that Kuzzle is running, we are going to create some documents.

Kuzzle organizes the data storage in 4 levels: 
  - indexes
  - collections
  - documents
  - fields

An index brings together several collections, which in turn contain several documents, each of which is composed of several fields.

The collections have mappings that characterize the way Elasticsearch will index the data for the search.

::: info
It is recommended that you define your own mappings in order to specify the desired types for your collections and avoid default types that may be imprecise.
:::

> If you're more familiar with the way relational databases store data, here is how it compares:

Reviewer: I feel that we should be more cautious when comparing No-SQL databases with relational ones, as the two are really different beasts. Here is a proposal:

```suggestion
If you're more familiar with the way relational databases store data, here is an analogy. Bear in mind that this is only to give you a rough point of comparison with a relational database, the similarities end here:
```

| Relational databases storage | Document-oriented storage |
| :--------------------------: | :-----------------------: |
| database                     | index                     |
| table                        | collection                |
| schema                       | mappings                  |
| line                         | document                  |
| column                       | field                     |

First, we are gonna create an index with Kourou: `kourou index:create nyc-open-data`

::: info
This will use the [index:create](/core/2/api/controllers/index/create) API action.
:::

> Then, we are gonna create a collection inside this index. We will provide the following basic mappings:

Reviewer: We should avoid pronunciation spelling in our documentation:

```suggestion
Then, we are going to create a collection inside this index. We will provide the following basic mappings:
```
